README.md, before:

# Power Platform Local Government Component Library

The Local Government Component Library is an organized collection of reusable components for front-end development of Canvas Apps in the domain of Local Government. These components play a crucial role in enhancing development cohesion and UI consistency whilst being customisable to authority-specific styling and responsive to differing page designs. 

The library's components are compliant with Government Design System (GDS) and meet the [WCAG 2.2](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/) Accessibility Guidelines.

## Downloading and Importing the Component Library Solution

To download and import the artifact into a Power Platform environment:

1. Download the Power-Platform-Local-Gov-Component-Library.zip solution artefact from the most [recent release](https://github.com/MarraLtd/Power-Platform-Local-Gov-Component-Library/releases).

2. From Power Apps, go to Solutions tab in Power Apps Studio.

3. Click **Import solution** and choose the zip file you downloaded then click Import. The import may take some time, be patient.

## Reporting an Issue or submitting a Feature Request

We encourage any bugs found in our components to be raised via the Issues tab on this repo. We also welcome any requests for features which would be useful for our components from either a user or an app maker perspective. 

Please abide by the following guidance when raising issues:

### Check for an existing issue

Before submitting an issue, please check you will not be duplicating issues by checking the [Issues](https://github.com/MarraLtd/Power-Platform-Local-Gov-Component-Library/issues) list.

### Raising an issue

To raise an issue, go to the [new issue form](https://github.com/MarraLtd/Power-Platform-Local-Gov-Component-Library/issues/new) on the Issue tab of this repo.

**Never report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**

Catagorise your issue  as a bug or a feature request by adding the appropriate label to the issue.

Do not add your issue as a comment on another issue, often similar defective behaviour can have different root causes.

For bug reports, make sure you include clear details on how to replicate the bug. The more detail that is given, the more likely the bug can be replicated and fixed.

# Solution Contents

##  LocalGov Components

The components themselves are contained in the **Master - LocalGov Components** library. To use the components in your own Canvas App, follow these steps:

1. Open a canvas app in the environment you downloaded and imported the solution in.

2. Go to Insert > Get more components (file and magnifying glass symbol) > Master - LocalGov Components > Select all components needed > Import.

3. Components can be used in a Canvas App as Library Components from the **Insert** menu.

## Example App

The example app contains a typical application which has all the components on 2 separate user journeys. This can be used as guidance when creating custom functionality and theming for your own applications.

Commit message:

Update getting started and read me docs

README.md, after:

# Power Platform Local Government Component Library

The Local Government Component Library is an organized collection of reusable components for front-end development of Canvas Apps in the domain of Local Government. These components play a crucial role in enhancing development cohesion and UI consistency whilst being customisable to authority-specific styling and responsive to differing page designs. 

The library's components are compliant with Government Design System (GDS) and meet the [WCAG 2.2](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG22/) Accessibility Guidelines.

## Downloading the Component Library Solution

Download the Power-Platform-Local-Gov-Component-Library.zip solution artefact from the most [recent release](https://github.com/MarraLtd/Power-Platform-Local-Gov-Component-Library/releases).

Guidance on importing and beginning to use the component library in Power Platform can be found in the [Getting Started](docs/GettingStarted.md) documentation.

## Reporting an Issue or submitting a Feature Request

We encourage any bugs found in our components to be raised via the Issues tab on this repo. We also welcome any requests for features which would be useful for our components from either a user or an app maker perspective. 

Please abide by the following guidance when raising issues:

### Check for an existing issue

Before submitting an issue, please check you will not be duplicating issues by checking the [Issues](https://github.com/MarraLtd/Power-Platform-Local-Gov-Component-Library/issues) list.

### Raising an issue

To raise an issue, go to the [new issue form](https://github.com/MarraLtd/Power-Platform-Local-Gov-Component-Library/issues/new) on the Issue tab of this repo.

**Never report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**

Catagorise your issue  as a bug or a feature request by adding the appropriate label to the issue.

Do not add your issue as a comment on another issue, often similar defective behaviour can have different root causes.

For bug reports, make sure you include clear details on how to replicate the bug. The more detail that is given, the more likely the bug can be replicated and fixed.
